Application security part 2 (#337)
3mdeb/news-and-ideas: blog/content/authors/piotr-nowoslawski/_index.md

---
name: "Piotr Nowosławski"
identifier: piotr.nowoslawski
photo: "/authors/piotr.nowoslawski.png"
facebook: ""
twitter: ""
linkedin: "https://pl.linkedin.com/in/piotr-nowos%C5%82awski-202072174"
github: ""
---

Junior Web Engineer at 3mdeb - Embedded Systems Consulting.

> I like JavaScript and its entire ecosystem. I am mainly interested in frontend technologies because appearance matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I like JavaScript and its entire ecosystem. I am mainly interested in front-end technologies because appearance is what matters.
```
